+++
title = "1. Our Partnership"
weight = 11
draft = false
+++

Before we begin trialling your product, we need to know what it is and that you've taken steps toward commercialising your invention. Theres no point trialling a product if theres no business plan standing behind it. The following are some key areas that should be considered before going forward.

---

### Innovator maturity checklist
- Business registration, ABN, bank account
- Access to legal advice for contract review
- IP protection strategy
- Insurance (generally $5M required)
- Secure data storage and access protocols

## Physical product maturity checklist
- Product specification documentation
- Compliance with electrical, laser safety, fire and other Standards
- Electrically tagged and tested, checked for EMF vulnerability
- FMEA (or similar product risk assessment process)
- Instructions for installation, troubleshooting, resetting and removal
- Multiple communications and data storage options
- Contact instructions and processes
- Bill of materials and accompanying MSDS

## Commercial assessment
- Is there an ROI/ payback?
- What is the business model for the innovator? Is the product a physical product, data or a service? Is a license required?
- What does the innovator require? A case summarizing trial outcomes can be an acceptable deliverable regardless of whether the test product is subsequently purchased.
- Is the business model a good fit for the specific trial site/ organization?
- Is there clear ownership of IP?
- Who owns data generated by the trial/ product and what can be done with it?
- What about indemnity? What about damage to the product?
- How will the product integrate into the business? What MOC is required to use the product in the business?  